Nair And Assosciates

URL: https://teams.nairandassociates.in

General observations:
1. Its better to add icons whereever possible such as for delete, download, mark received etc
2. Better to update mouse from pointer to hand for all interactions in the app
3. Add loader or spinner wherever we are dealing with api so that user knows about the in process flows
4. There should be a back button or breadcrumbs enabling user navigation freely

/dashboard

1. Why do we need "Clients" button in this dashboard screen?
2. Food for thought: show we move 3 buttons (View all cases, Clients, Team) at top? Also, we are showing same thing in left panel then do we need these buttons on screen?
3. Second tile in dashboard says "Active" with sub-header "Not closed", do we have other sub-headers because Active and not closed serves same purpose in my view
4. How about adding filters to upcoming hearings section - next 7, 15, 30 days or custom date widget?


/cases

1. UI (especially dropdown) looks basic like a college project, it lacks professional look
2. I think its better to add a search option into "All states" dropdown
3. Lets also add sorting and searching into table columns

/cases/{caseid}

1. Hearing tab: Is it possible to add more metadata to hearing? Could be a free text or court link or judge notes or lawyer notes.
2. Hearing tab: User selected hearing date as 05/05/2026 7:45 but it got saved as 05 May 2026, 01:14 pm.
Similarly, when I selected 30/05/2026 19:44, it got saved as 31/05/2026 1:14 am
3. I think its better to add scrollbar to the hearing list otherwise it will keep getting increase as case proceeds
4. Hearings tab: Its better to add a label for upcoming hearing and there can be a max of 1 upcoming hearing in a given case
5. Hearing Reminder section: I think this should be a custom reminder for upcoming hearing. Possible use case: remind me about particular section 3 days before next hearing OR remind me to ask client to bring relevant files 1 week before OR remind client to pay before hearing... etc etc
6. Hearing Reminder section: Right now, it allows setting up reminder for past date which is an invalid usecase
7. Documents tab: We need better UX for file upload, it could be adding drag functionality and showing progress bars
8. Documents tab: Food for thought, is it possible to add a custom notes field for user to attach notes with document?
9. Document Requests: CSS not correct to show requests list
10. Fees tab: Unable to add fee for "one-time", "Per hearing" and "Per consultation" because payload uses hyphen whereas API expects underscore (type must be one of the following values: one_time, periodic, per_hearing, per_consultation")
11. Fee: Are we aligning the fee type with the flow i.e. if its periodic then is it weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly or custom? Did we integrate reminders etc for each fee type?
12. Fee: In log payment flow, it better to show date and time selection with current date prefilled in case user wants to record previous payment
13. Fee: Its better to have user friendly notification message instead of showing "Failed to log payment" everytime
14. Notes: Deleting notes should open a in-app modal for confirmation instead of browser's alert dialog.
15. Notes: What's the usecase to unpublish the note? How often a user can revert the published note? I think its better to remove/hide unpublish flow for simplicity.
16. "Close Case" button is confusing because it might give impression of going back to all cases.

/cases/new

1. "Internal Ref" should be auto filled or something relevant because asking user to add this and then using it as primary doesn't make sense
2. "Case type + number + year" under "Court Case No.", we don't know the correctness of this field. Its better to align it properly with actual records.
3. Food for thought, should we also add an option for FIR??? I mean we can refer to this value with the help of court case number anyway
4. "Court Case No." field should be required
5. Creating a new case for same email says "A client with this email already exists" but it is possible to have multiple cases on same client
6. Should we add an option to verify phone number or email?? Not sure, we can defer it for next phase as well
7. Adding email is mandatory according to API but not shown to user in frontend.

URL: https://portal.nairandassociates.in

General Observation

1. I think its better to add an option to send a message to lawyer which lawyer can respond and same can be updated in the portal.
